all right I am here at the LCS and guess
what I do not have a video briefs here
because I didn't currently I don't have
a website but so I can't just pay these
people but the exciting thing is I'm
joined by Cody son from immortals
housing on Cody thank you for still
doing an interview with me despite my
janky setup I appreciate it all right
now
you guys just unfortunately lost against
TSM do you want to take me through that
one of your few bosses the split mm-hmm
so I think aim one just theory-based
alone did really well with syndra and
then it was like really hard for us to
do anything since we had already had the
butter killing making ATP so once I got
the late game I couldn't say too much on
Calissa so uh yeah we sort of look like
loss area in place and gonna do much
yeah now also want to talk to you I
don't think you sell it yet but during
the break you see the Freak tier list
ADC tearless yeah so freak like tier
listed out all the ad carry's and keep
it I can't remember all the people he
put up at the top but piglet no people
it was amazed here keep it I think we
stick saying you and double it for beat
here do you feel like you are a btr-80
carry and do you disagree with briefs
assessment of your individual talent
well I mean I'll take PK before okay
tonight in early okay so chill it taking
Vijay okay you're in your mind you're
romantic what's going on yeah Rick
rivals is this week and your team does
not have to go and you know normally
international events are these
prestigious things you know it's like we
really want to do this thing I imagine
I'm guessing that you are probably happy
your team does not have to go to
revivals I'm very curious about your
your opinion and stance on this um I
mean revival is like putting new right
no like I don't know what's gonna happen
they're like I don't even know if has
any implications I mean anything really
so yeah I think we're just gonna like
take probably like a one day two day
break and then just continue screaming
yeah do you think that so like whenever
teams go to MSI they kind of come back
and or not as good I think a lot of
people feel because they haven't had a
chance to like scram or practice and
also I mean they are practicing at
Worlds right but it's like a different
patch do you think that there's a chance
that going revival to may be bad for
some of these teams like because they
have to do all this travel and all the
supplies that are competing or do you
think is it or is it more likely that
they'll like gain something from playing
as European teams well obviously like
the competitive expands like planes and
actually like super valuable for a team
but I mean for like this on a c9 it's
hard even to like plenty of
international events and to world and
everything so I mean for them it might
be just like not as Eiffel as one might
think
and then yeah I mean if they just travel
a lot and get to like playing these
games they might give it a time when
they come back so yeah I mean we're just
going to just like do the same thing as
we've always done and I mean we'll see
what happens but it hopefully will be
better yeah
now you guys despite losing the day has
what's really really good this split I
think you know obviously up there at the
top what is immortals doing to make sure
that you know things don't go wrong at
the last minute because it's happening
the past for the team um we we're just
taking a light week by week maybe like
even if sometimes we win like super
super fast like against a US hot we
don't get too complacent as I all right
I'll I hope so him but yeah I mean even
in terms we don't like
have like Bobby scrim records or
anything and you know we just take it
week by week and just practice and hope
for the best really yeah
all right fun question time we were
talking a little bit before this and at
some point in time your team is going to
be going to Anime Expo which is in LA
this week xmithie says your weeaboo are
you excited about this because
apparently you're very much enameling
this is what I hear oh yeah I like to
watch anime um but I mean it's gonna be
my first time being animates both
published in the handles Makena and
stuff and yeah yeah send me fun actually
got using it to watch like more animated
and he's enjoying some book my
recommendation which what do you reckon
what did you recommend that or actually
it was a turtle that I committed him
okay but others beside him and then book
and they comments about it okay he's
like yeah alright let's talk about it is
there anything in particular you're
looking you're hoping to see at Anime
Expo um like any animes like for a fans
that are watching I'll just like
probably just check out like my hero
academia okay watching that um probably
just like a second time I mean those are
like really good a great because like I
was like more than that but yeah this
looks like a mainstream suffering yeah
okay alright well anyway I'm is there
anything that you want to say to any of
your fans at the end of this um yeah I
mean even though we lost today even
though the last day I'm not too sad
about it and I don't think other the
team is too down about it either
we're just going to keep improving and
carb us for the next game and yeah you
can check out my pitch stream at this
SUV /co e91 okay and then just follow my
Twitter yeah them pretty good I want to
thank you so much for doing this
interview with me
despite the fact that's on a string key
cell phone yeah look how call our I have
fallen it's just a plant it's okay Kenny
and I'll say hey a woman by H P oh oh
wait there we go it's on there you're on
there that's it
all right thank you very much bye
everyone they all hope you enjoyed the
interview if you want to support me you
can buy me a coffee or dinner or a
Porsche over at Travis CARICOM slash
support